what can I get for you
your Reuben sandwich comes with coleslaw
of course cuz if you order a Reuben at
the Carnegie Deli it comes with sour
cream why is it New York Jews always
think they're more Jewish than LA Jews
I'd say that 100% right about sauerkraut
sauerkraut is on the room this is not a
Reuben sandwich the Reuben sandwich has
always been is now and will always be
corned beef Swiss cheese sauerkraut
grilled rye bread why do you insist on
such a narrow and unchanging
interpretation hmm that is an excellent
excellent question
it's the Reuben sandwich a living
tradition I mean why can't we just all
make our own versions you want to sue
into the chaos is that what you're
saying a little chaos and such a bad
thing what if the essence remains the
same we mean that the corned beef this
was changed this was changed I mean I
think we can all agree that every Reuben
has at least those two ingredients in
common common ingredients are not the
fact remains the Reuben was created in
New York City you don't know that you
don't know that no I think it's safe to
say that there were Reuben sandwiches in
New York long before there were Reuben
sandwiches in Los Angeles for there were
Reubens in New York long before they
were Reubens
we've been around longer therefore we're
better that's what I'm hearing
Wow you know it's just a shame they feel
so inferior they gotta get my point I've
done essential what makes my mother the
same on the roof everybody's looking
everybody's looking to make the build
girls got something to say if all
Reubens have corned beef and Swiss
cheese then all Reubens makes meat and
dairy on the same sandwich and if all
Reubens mix me and dairy on the same
sandwich how can any of them be Jewish
the Reuben isn't kosher
you know what I just had the matzo ball
soup